What can be used to script the change to SAFe?	The Implementation Roadmap

What is one Guardrail on Lean Budget spend?	Continuous Business Owner engagement

How is the flow of Portfolio Epics managed?	In the Portfolio Kanban

Which statement accurately characterizes Strategic Themes?	
 They are business objectives that connect the SAFe portfolio to the Enterprise business strategy
 
If a program repeatedly shows separate Feature branches rather than a true System Demo, which practice should be reviewed to address the issue?	
 Continuous Integration
 
Which statement is true about DevOps?	
 DevOps is an approach to bridge the gap between development and operations 
 
In the Program Kanban some steps have work in process (WIP) limits. Why is this necessary?	
  To ensure large queues are not being built

What is one of the Agile Release Train sync meetings?	Scrum of scrums


Which statement is true about the Innovation and Planning (IP) Iteration?	
 Without the IP Iteration, there is a risk that the 'tyranny of the urgent' outweighs all innovation activities 
 
When is a pre-PI Planning event needed?	
  When multiple Agile Release Trains working on the same Solution need to align and coordinate

On day two of PI Planning, management presents adjustments based on the previous day's management review and problem solving meeting. What is one possible type of adjustment they could make?	
  Business priorities

What is found on a program board?	Features 

What is considered an anti-pattern when assigning business values to team PI Objectives?	 
 All PI Objectives are given a value of 10

What is the impact of Customer Centricity?	
  To understand the Customer's needs
  
The Agile Release Train uses which type of teams to get work done?	
Cross-functional teams

Product Management has content authority over the Program Backlog. What do Product Owners have content authority over?	
 Team Backlog  

 What is the basic building block when organizing around value?	Agile Teams
 
 Which is an aspect of systems thinking?	
 Optimizing a component does not optimize the system

What are the three primary keys to implementing flow? (Choose three.)	
  Manage queue lengths;Reduce the batch sizes of work;Visualize and limit work in process (WIP);

What is an example of applying cadence-based synchronization in SAFe?	
  Teams align their Iterations to the same schedule to support communication, coordination, and system integration
  
Which statement is a value from the Agile Manifesto?	Respond to change

Which statement is a principle of the Agile Manifesto?	Simplicity–the art of maximizing the amount of work not done–is essential

When basing decisions on economics, how are lead time, product cost, value, and development expense used?	
   To identify different parameters of the economic framework  
   
The House of Lean is a classic metaphor describing the mindset essential for Lean thinking. Which one of the four pillars advocates a 'Go See' mindset?	          Innovation


What are the last three steps of the SAFe Implementation Roadmap?	
  Launch more Agile Release Trains and Value Streams, extend to the portfolio, accelerate

What can be used as a template for putting SAFe into practice within an organization?	

  SAFe Implementation Roadmap

Which of the core competencies of the Lean Enterprise helps align strategy and execution?	
   Lean Portfolio Management
   
What must management do for a successful Agile transformation?	
  Commit to quality and be the change agent in the system

How does SAFe provide a second operating system that enables Business Agility?	
  By focusing on customers, products, innovation, and growth

What is Business Agility?	
  The ability to compete and thrive in the digital age by quickly responding to market changes and emerging opportunities with innovative business Solutions   

 What is part of the role of Product Management?	
  To prioritize the Program Backlog 
  
 Who has content authority to make decisions at the User Story level during Program Increment (PI) Planning?	
   Product Owner

  
What is one component of the Continuous Delivery Pipeline?	
   Continuous Exploration
   
Which statement is true when continuously deploying using a DevOps model?	
  It lessens the severity and frequency of release failures
  
 Who is responsible for the Solution Backlog?
   Solution Management
 